doing is the optimist reading so let's
go ahead and show something like that we
may run out of juice during this but
it's running Android 22 it's got a 4.3
inch screen that's actually in camera
mode which can't really tell but
I'm trying to get into it and get to a
game before we pour in loose battery
juice here going back to the create a
space all right so here we are so when
you get a 3d space even the menus are in
3d a couple games on here that are that
are pre-loaded on this demo version
what we saw the camera earlier what I
want to bitch about that is you know
you've got the option to shoot 3d stills
and video 720 on the on the on the 3d
video capture so
mega TV picture it's 5 megapixel camera
so I'm going to make a people from 3d
pictures I was in question I don't know
how to make a picture yeah maybe might
be so anyway there's this little golf
game on here which we showed a couple
times today it's going to take a little
while for some of the menus to load and
but one of the other things the device
has which is up and running right now as
YouTube 3d so I've been
yeah I think our battery just died on us
as I
and say if it
just one
Oh
but like sad with with with YouTube 3d
and having a 3d phone and 3d camera in
your pocket I mean you know it might be
out there but a lot of people are saying
I want a 3d camera right now
excuse me not a lot of options right now
so just good for these videos you can
see even in the menus when you're in
real life these it's even 3d you know
this person a really cool job at it 3d
content but the power of having a bunch
of people with 3d cameras and combined
YouTube 3d it's going to add an added el
de velopment to two people adopting and
wanting 3d beyond just these really cool
games that developments you're in the
bill
okay differences between Batman and the
options trini there there'll be some
small things where it's still early on
for us you know so we said this device
will be out in the coming months just
because we're not real or not real close
on time again so anyway as your you know
for instance in this game if you're it's
going to be hard to see obviously on
this video but the things that are that
you see in 3d the thing they are the
foreground the
the white line for the ball trajectory
all appears to be to be 3d on the screen
and so you really kind of get a sense of
what 3d game it could be like and I
honestly the best kind of the sweet spot
for holding it's like as you were
gaining so probably about 18 inches to 2
feet away you know you know holding it
as if you were you were playing a game
but really really exciting and a real
first for us
awesome